README.md, before:

# McOsu

**[DOWNLOAD > https://github.com/McKay42/McOsu/releases](https://github.com/McKay42/McOsu/releases)**

**Quick tutorial by Omgforz: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCLpOdcMQuc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCLpOdcMQuc)**

**Discord** (Feedback, Requests, Bug reports, etc.): https://discord.gg/3UQnt7X

An unofficial open-source client for [osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh) with the main focus on making practicing easier and customizing gameplay. If you have never played osu! before then I do not recommend using this client, as there are no gameplay tutorials in here.

Runs on McEngine: [https://github.com/McKay42/McEngine](https://github.com/McKay42/McEngine)

Binaries are available for **Windows**, **Linux**, **macOS** and the **Nintendo Switch**.

Note that Linux and macOS support is not as polished as Windows, and some functions like raw input or mouse sensitivity may not work (correctly) there.

## Notable features which osu! doesn't have (yet) in comparison:
- Virtual Reality support (HTC Vive + Oculus Rift)
- Mid-play empty section skipping
- Beatmap scrubbing (CTRL + ALT + Click drag)
- Override CS/AR/HP/OD
- Speed/BPM changer
- Change mods while playing
- Actually useful target practice mod
- Experimental mods (Wobble, First Person, Minimize, Playfield flipping, Jigsaw, etc.)
- Properly drawn playfield border
- Arbitrary HUD scale (Combo counter, accuracy, etc.)
- Enable/Disable approach circles, numbers, sliderendcircles, followpoints or any other element
- Ignore beatmap sample volume
- Enhanced hit error bar, shows misaims and extra clicks
- Nearly unlimited customizability using console commands for people who want to tinker with everything (e.g. osu_playfield_rotation, osu_circle_fade_out_time, osu_skip_time, etc.)

## System Requirements:
- GPU with OpenGL 3.0 support or higher

## Skin Credits:
- ffffffffffffffffff - "- Jaret - Mish Mosh"
- irrlux - "Talrava XIV"
- HazrdMC - "Phaze"
- Redon - "Aesthetic 1.3"
- DarkSlayer000 - "xXx_SampleSkin_xXx v1.3"
- Inori - "Stepmania"
- taikuta - "Murakumo"
- _Easy_ - "Burning_Crow V2"
- Icomoon
- Freepik

## Thank you to everyone who helped test the private alpha:
- skritsch
- Omgforz
- Anti-
- Taikuta

Commit message:

update README for McOsu-IPC fork details

README.md, after:

# McOsu-IPC (Fork of McOsu)

This is a fork of [McOsu]([https://github.com/username/mcosu](https://github.com/McKay42/McOsu)) with additional
functionality for sending gameplay events via localhost HTTP POST requests.

## Differences from upstream McOsu

This fork adds:
- Localhost HTTP POST support for sending game events to external applications.

## Localhost Communication

This fork sends HTTP POST requests to 127.0.0.1:3000 in the form of JSON data.

It currently broadcasts:
- Score submission

---

# Original McOsu README

**[DOWNLOAD > https://github.com/McKay42/McOsu/releases](https://github.com/McKay42/McOsu/releases)**

**Quick tutorial by Omgforz: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCLpOdcMQuc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCLpOdcMQuc)**

**Discord** (Feedback, Requests, Bug reports, etc.): https://discord.gg/3UQnt7X

An unofficial open-source client for [osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh) with the main focus on making practicing easier and customizing gameplay. If you have never played osu! before then I do not recommend using this client, as there are no gameplay tutorials in here.

Runs on McEngine: [https://github.com/McKay42/McEngine](https://github.com/McKay42/McEngine)

Binaries are available for **Windows**, **Linux**, **macOS** and the **Nintendo Switch**.

Note that Linux and macOS support is not as polished as Windows, and some functions like raw input or mouse sensitivity may not work (correctly) there.

## Notable features which osu! doesn't have (yet) in comparison:
- Virtual Reality support (HTC Vive + Oculus Rift)
- Mid-play empty section skipping
- Beatmap scrubbing (CTRL + ALT + Click drag)
- Override CS/AR/HP/OD
- Speed/BPM changer
- Change mods while playing
- Actually useful target practice mod
- Experimental mods (Wobble, First Person, Minimize, Playfield flipping, Jigsaw, etc.)
- Properly drawn playfield border
- Arbitrary HUD scale (Combo counter, accuracy, etc.)
- Enable/Disable approach circles, numbers, sliderendcircles, followpoints or any other element
- Ignore beatmap sample volume
- Enhanced hit error bar, shows misaims and extra clicks
- Nearly unlimited customizability using console commands for people who want to tinker with everything (e.g. osu_playfield_rotation, osu_circle_fade_out_time, osu_skip_time, etc.)

## System Requirements:
- GPU with OpenGL 3.0 support or higher

## Skin Credits:
- ffffffffffffffffff - "- Jaret - Mish Mosh"
- irrlux - "Talrava XIV"
- HazrdMC - "Phaze"
- Redon - "Aesthetic 1.3"
- DarkSlayer000 - "xXx_SampleSkin_xXx v1.3"
- Inori - "Stepmania"
- taikuta - "Murakumo"
- _Easy_ - "Burning_Crow V2"
- Icomoon
- Freepik

## Thank you to everyone who helped test the private alpha:
- skritsch
- Omgforz
- Anti-
- Taikuta
